#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile --allow-unsafe
#
appdirs==1.4.4            # via black
astroid==2.4.2            # via pylint
attrs==19.3.0             # via black
black==19.10b0            # via -r requirements.in
click==7.1.2              # via black, pip-tools
colorama==0.4.3           # via pylint
coloredlogs==14.0         # via scripthelper
humanfriendly==8.2        # via coloredlogs
isort==4.3.21             # via pylint
lazy-object-proxy==1.4.3  # via astroid
mccabe==0.6.1             # via pylint
pathspec==0.8.0           # via black
pip-tools==5.2.1          # via -r requirements.in
pylint==2.5.3             # via -r requirements.in
pyreadline==2.1           # via humanfriendly
regex==2020.6.8           # via black
scripthelper==1.4         # via -r requirements.in
six==1.15.0               # via astroid, pip-tools
toml==0.10.1              # via black, pylint
tqdm==4.46.1              # via scripthelper
typed-ast==1.4.1          # via astroid, black
verboselogs==1.7          # via scripthelper
wrapt==1.12.1             # via astroid

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
pip==20.1.1               # via pip-tools
